https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9eAqfrPIezC6MoGI1sNZWw: 911 Action Jcam
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsvmCdXGFPxKVxHUJNcA4rA: 911 VIDEO NEWS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4K10PNjqgGLKA3lo5V8KdQ: Above The Noise
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcuy916j4jPX-W-bhjXh_cg: Abstract programmer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCk9S-n5jfE9cTFuol0_YCkg: Andrew Bowen-Ataide
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwFpzG5MK5Shg_ncAhrgr9g: Awesome Open Source
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeD9_tDVA1wvqv1IF9QyP-A: BassBuzz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmgWnKIhmOi-MuRUC62mOFw: Bloom Institute of Technology
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrHSYLKqmLunBzlSfunGDSA: California Governor Gavin Newsom
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS2oIpISybXqY0Og9D4-XYw: Canadian Patriot Press
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-tOxRW6BGC7AohQAY2U5OA: CARPRIME ENGLISH CHANNEL
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=SanDiegoNews8: CBS 8 San Diego
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy4KTTEsVAm4DMY91uxTiaA: CJ  OMC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-WefInHnQJkcxfEYQJHCew: Code in Action
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdG2yuhbORWAY6q9zWmkbvg: Danielle Russano
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=davidnburgess: DB Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=EUROPOLtube: EUROPOL
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuwhn5_41m4VxZJ3wcDyxA: Facts Matter with Roman Balmakov
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=firinglinevideos: Hoover Institution Library & Archives
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=FoxNewsChannel: Fox News
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ: freeCodeCamp.org
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PBSfrontline: FRONTLINE PBS | Official
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=gardencitycollegeit: Garden City University
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsd6hP-zzIkCpw8XGw7Osyw: Geerling Engineering
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgS2qyzQgcZoxoECW0vcRXg: Gentle Giant
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7DEMh0YqU4NxkV2rK34pmg: Global Blockchain Business Council
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=gontortv: gontortv
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=GreatPerformancesPBS: Great Performances | PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCo-8nxIq-4QGtVzg0gKt4ZA: Greeley Police Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoX9yBVA_OpnxdWR2bZS8qQ: Guam Department of Education
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=adrian192a: Adrian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=HamiltonCityCouncil: Hamilton City Council
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=Harvard: Harvard University
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-AdvAxaagE9W2f0webyNUQ: HashiCorp
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-q5FIFUO-_WosJ4Z6HweiA: HEAVY CRATES
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgqQI1PWvsM2zBWUnIWGmvQ: Hidden Music Island
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=OpenUofHK: HKMU Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN4KunPrGEPtRCyuXaK8Q9g: Hobo Sermons
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsaEBhRsI6tmmz12fkSEYdw: Hot Mess
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOWh2WJxPywHIaccDWb8Mvg: House Ag Democrats
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=HouseAppropsGOP: House Appropriations Committee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=FArepublicans: House Foreign Affairs Committee Republicans
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMF5z6BIrwwQTtcj2cacBPw: House Intelligence
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnYcuO2JQhVbnCR8ltmSacQ: House Small Business Committee Democrats
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=SmallBizRepublicans: House Committee on Small Business
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChc8bTPtZgTZDDLJ6UWJgxA: House Transportation & Infrastructure Committee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFNoGF7Ea-FfmAjfK4ReFpA: Error fetching URL: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFNoGF7Ea-FfmAjfK4ReFpA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=IdahoDeptofLabor: Idaho Department of Labor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=imperialcollegevideo: Imperial College London
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChgWflMjdgpT-qPblhIymyQ: Indiana Department Workforce Development
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0rA28YVpD3WHMOM2BG6urg: InfiniteHistoryProject MIT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=ircuk97: International Rescue Committee UK
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=IowaPublicTelevision: Iowa PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdjsUXJ3QawK4O5L1kqqsew: IPFS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoQg9ISfspGeMtVRQ2nzmKA: Israeli-American Council IAC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=JacobsSchoolNews: JacobsSchoolNews
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSizlPQP-2WejvFHiMK813A: Jay&Jaz 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2aTXtnc43PxNEju8fqN92w: JFGM San Diego
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=JohnsHopkinsSPH: Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbPdon42O_lbtiyoJOO5raA: Jorn Luka
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU7vNA0YJ5syI1F6NfRB2kQ: Kansas City PBS Kids
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuKp3KQyEGV7dmAL6iEXgrg: Kari
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=kingscollegelondon: King's College London
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0xIV_cFUMBxjaoBWwGNzAQ: KM6LYW Radio
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=KPBSSanDiego: KPBS Public Media
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=KUSITV9: KUSI News
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=LSACvideos: Law School Admission Council
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwIHX2_4P1mcGU5T6-6Byjg: Les Claypool - Topic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2mMeOp9vOg4w1FjnGvSKUw: Lexington Police Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=libertyuniversity: Liberty University
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=LinusTechTips: Linus Tech Tips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=LondonBusinessSchool: London Business School
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJg-XMBTNvodST9mV3TdDQA: Los Angeles Business Council
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=LosAngelesCountyFD: Los Angeles County Fire Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=LACountySheriff: Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=lsewebsite: LSE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=TheMarinWaldorf: Marin Waldorf School
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=MarkDice: Mark Dice
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyGYUrC2IvaHWoX6dwEsrMA: Mark Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=marketplacevideos: Marketplace APM
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=JamieMC1978: MARZ DEADMAN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=MITNewsOffice: Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClZm8v9mYvhFLg1_oJPQLTg: MaxcoTec Learning
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=dafrogmamma: Mayra Garcia
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCezRaGeOkpeRTLHk0e9zmg: Blueprint Med School
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV2d6QMv9C0JrA2lDIjMRjw: MEMPHIS POLICE DEPARTMENT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGw9jUwamfKBBjWBlv7mwZg: Mendocino County Superior Court
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrn6RaELwSnoPgmEJ9PmXag: Metal Swap Meet
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPNq-cWaMPccZydtyhMXGGQ: Michael Klements
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIUqxv2vFaEavHwIPryMriA: Michigan Court of Claims
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV9nTQWPV-nww-SQpQCB0cA: Michigan Department of Corrections
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYyhb-PFojvf7pn17FwDaJg: Microbiology Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=rheumatictangle: Mike Rugnetta
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC60a4msAOcjOWMMvNRyBx2w: Mitch Ray
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=msnbcleanforward: MSNBC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChq4ua0llezd77Heh0HMbyQ: Nana
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=NationalGeographic: National Geographic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0iDLeNSGfowadOuJ8RAKrQ: Error fetching URL: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0iDLeNSGfowadOuJ8RAKrQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=NewMexicoPBS: New Mexico PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=nyu: New York University
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEZmoTkJHeyszv1c1jp8GdA: Newark NJ Department Public Safety
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOavWP4HWLKULZ-UaEPwhrQ: Niamaj - Topic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfbjD-ipAsKlZmh9J43CBkw: Nihonmachi Outreach Committee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLOMDtSVuVeQJrd0Cq2tGAA: NOFX
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2tpb6_-rBBXhq6sogLHmRQ: Nordic Committee on Bioethics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdyUrFjYNPfPq5psa-LFIJA: Norfolk County Council Democratic Services
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqmwITo1GgRZK0-nEI5mmOQ: North Carolina Department of Revenue
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCurvEHnuVpW_4wUgg6jqZOw: North Carolina Department of the Secretary of State
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=NCSSMDistanceEd: North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=ncweekend: North Carolina Weekend on PBS NC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=NOVAonline: NOVA PBS Official
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=NWSSanDiego: NWSSanDiego
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ3ufsJYLztQA9JYfINcJ2w: NYC Department of Correction
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCADnh3VJByvXV-FPvP8yIug: o2 can do
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBYbGpgjIoXKHwr4hYUU10g: Ohio Department of Health
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=OrangeUnifiedCA: Orange Unified School District
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=ORGovEmployment: Oregon Employment Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC77y56iqIzQYFTyLKUHzQXg: Otago Regional Council Official
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=OversightDems: Oversight Committee Democrats 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJyAQFRYIMXlEKbCzazC7vw: Oxford Population Health
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYReFy_vOX2-FFyo4CNXKng: storiesbysara
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=panhandlepbs: Panhandle PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC72Te-OO-oCBSYNXOB08y7w: Parliamentary and Scientific Committee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXfSgbZNziw9bSdlGUGjFng: PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PBS1067fm: PBS 106.7FM
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PBSukchannel: PBS America
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrDWWHCdTshVLNe6_xlArbA: PBS Books
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PBSCentar: PBS Centar sportske izvrsnosti
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd8Fy98IB7WcI4r7qDbJi7A: PBS Digital Studios
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=KCOSTV13: PBS El Paso
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzR-rom72PHN9Zg7RML9EbA: PBS Eons
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PBSFood: PBS Food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=pbsgameshow: PBS Game/Show
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=pbsguam: PBS Guam
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=pbsideachannel: PBS Idea Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs4aHmggTfFrpkPcWSaBN9g: PBS Infinite Series
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=kptspromotions: PBS Kansas
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCK4Fbqv30R2AglxZCubgJNQ: PBS KIDS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCn0Ir8mmKB1_zMTzSp2Q20g: PBS KIDS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PBSParentsPicks: PBS KIDS for Parents
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PBSMathClub: PBS Math Club
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMND9dsjj-UL9hSNGAdXILQ: PBS North Carolina Aerials
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRyy4DSFf_rVt_l8keMiFfg: PBS Nova Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBPQeP5lWGVwFhxbiEjnZFw: PBS Presidents
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzZRoStdiqWxauQT2RGW1Lg: PBS ReInventors
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PBSShows: PBS Shows
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVbU5LnFv0jZRq1JY44FfNQ: PBS SoCal Early Childhood
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7_gcs09iThXybpVgjHZ_7g: PBS Space Time
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpxYSWgxVt3Pyn1ovXsGQ0g: PBS Terra
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=pbsdigitalstudios: PBS Voices
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PBSoffbook: PBSoffbook
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=copperleaves: Peter Pringle
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PimaSheriffAZ: Pima County Sheriff's Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCv2LP7wLfNaiE2Bo5klABeQ: Pinkalicious and Peterrific PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PittsburghTechnology: Pittsburgh Technology Council
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCx0IKGOM0NvhASiGyjpZr0A: Polar Bear System PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PowerfulJRE: PowerfulJRE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCk2P1JGcQvli4Ny4hfecKVw: Practical Ethics Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIa6j5j5z5yE3ps5UFfy9OQ: Probate Court No. 2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHs1UdfTSb3D3zoCk1VffDA: Prosthodontic Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PupComLux: Pupils' Committee Kirchberg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PurdueUniversity: Purdue University
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtvGCaEzQZX7GwUJi-E3ALQ: Python 360
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgadTofKslPYREQE8TjY7AA: Qwiklabs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsqP_Vdja-CrtssrvZvKR-A: Ratchet Finesse
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=RealTime: Real Time with Bill Maher
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPO21yeu3nY01KA3eqaosXQ: Redstone PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL2cxXwzTek7uXLOdwbJ3Ag: Rep. Greg Pence
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChAQ4MD-HigmGnImSoAKBVA: Rep. John Curtis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNjPfhHZoQucSGk-8VS5y6Q: RepHagedorn
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=RepRichardHanna: RepRichardHanna
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzOcu_t61Kf2xpUHcYP4DqA: Rich & Rowe 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=riserecords: riserecords
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=RPDWEB: Riverside Police Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8A6bFk8qxRVxghp9J2Y2iQ: Riverside Unified School District
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=rmitmedia: RMIT University
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCin9nv7mUjoqrRiwrzS5UVQ: Rocket.Chat
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQe9wLGm0nDlp9faBtvAQUQ: RogueNews 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=RossSchoolofBusiness: Ross School of Business
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz8XNwQXIAejAaDmEaPNmIA: Rupert Sheldrake
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7TdiK4S7HITLF02v9qk6MA: Sacramento Fire Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=sacpd: Sacramento Police Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=SacCountyCourts: Sacramento Superior Court
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg-_lYeV8hBnDSay7nmphUA: Sampson Boat Co
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=SBCOUNTYFIRE: San Bernardino County Fire
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3pJp3b9sGEAWDVrPrHEhFw: San Bernardino Police Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtkpxj88ACVmV_6Vs0OpYvg: San Diego ARES
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=SDMesaCollegeMusic: San Diego Mesa College Music Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCk85otLk-ASsqPu0aXFGjzA: Say It Loud
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=ScrippsHealth: Scripps Health
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=scrippsoceanography: Scripps Oceanography
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=ScrippsResearch: Scripps Research
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE-bw6PRKuDlH6fP1mP4nOw: SeanHodgins
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcxXj4QG3vZ9MZhh6EUUSSw: Secrets of the Dead PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=SenatorCardin: SenatorCardin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0ci2aibNEdOTE_GFtZ18PA: Shanghai American School
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=SmallBusinessSchool: Small Business School - Television for PBS-TV and the Voice of America
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=destinws2: SmarterEveryDay
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=smithcollegevideos: Smith College
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL1NDfevSGPZbEt3n7VxXuw: SoCal Code 3
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5WYVs0m4WTZeAQmu9meDsg: SoCal Insider PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=SolentUniOfficial: Solent University, Southampton
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=southparkstudios: South Park Studios
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS67C1ChLicLkrp70mz7G7g: Error fetching URL: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS67C1ChLicLkrp70mz7G7g
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCedDHcqSgiaOk4J0vkAC5LQ: St. Louis County Police Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=StanfordUniversity: Stanford
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=Nephaste20: Stephane Maarek
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=StocktonPD1850: Stockton Police Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO6nDCimkF79NZRRb8YiDcA: Storied
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=styxtheband: STYX
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9J3A3XbwWwsLv9eQqBU8XQ: Superior Court of Pennsylvania
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf50YFIXusxm-f6DRz9ypYA: Tacoma Public Schools
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=AtGoogleTalks: Talks at Google
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=Technion: הטכניון - מכון טכנולוגי לישראל
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdngmbVKX1Tgre699-XLlUA: TechWorld with Nana
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPpWOKddHtQNKG7WbG0e_5g: Texas 35th District Court
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=Kamakazihoer: That DevOps Guy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=theartassignment: The Art Assignment
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWFzVLiJtRdIO1PHIrkGntQ: THE BESTS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKvWRakjdSbtK-4phfY2gjQ: The ChatterBox PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=CEOSmovies: The Committee on Earth Observation Satellites
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaeO5vkdj5xOQHp4UmIN6dw: DailyWire+
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=TheFletcherSchool: The Fletcher School
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=gladderbladder: The Jeff Richards Show
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=JuilliardSchool: The Juilliard School
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=LawrencevilleVideo: The Lawrenceville School
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN5UcTtpf19X0sdT2vDWYDA: The LeeVees - Topic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCprfqI7HNiVZXoJaDz7RGSg: The Mission Church
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr2rNLgH-ir1RMpIv1ct9EA: The Owl Whisperer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PRNfm: The Progressive Radio Network
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=rsconservatory: The Rivers School Conservatory
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=schooloflifechannel: The School of Life
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiaWJQ7eW5OQIALdyLN6s3A: The Texas Fourth Court of Appeals
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz4oP87ziTjb7WpRwIGZf0g: The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiKI7qlQqr3GfFlIzOdT_Yg: The U.S. House Select Committee on Benghazi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=Arizona: The University of Arizona
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=UChicago: The University of Chicago
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=TheUniversityofMaine: The University of Maine
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=universitymanchester: The University of Manchester
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=unimelb: The University of Melbourne
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=whitehouse: The White House
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9Qr5YekH3_zxp0hckzAgBA: WideAnglePhilosophy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMmvRm3OYFmUUYVWLLChaoA: Error fetching URL: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMmvRm3OYFmUUYVWLLChaoA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=TPDCommAffairs: Torrance Police Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCITMedGC5PA-zMrLTH5-kg: Trump White House Archived
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL8w_A8p8P1HWI3k6PR5Z6w: Two Cents
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC78NfBf28AQe3x7-SbbMC2A: U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLSXp4JMYiFc7BHD_ln3d-w: U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=usedgov: U.S. Department of Education
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=ushomelandsecurity: U.S. Department of Homeland Security
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD506yORW2voSanqEgLOUIQ: U.S. House Armed Services Committee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=usnavy: U.S. Navy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=berkeleylaw: UC Berkeley School of Law
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=UCSanDiego: UC San Diego
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1jA5wmBjsCU-IIj8u8XrZQ: UC San Diego DISC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=radydirect: UC San Diego Rady School of Management
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQG9oDqDHT7a3SQHmHHUDkA: UC San Diego School of Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=MyUCD: UCD - University College Dublin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=UCLTV: UCL
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=UCLA: UCLA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOBjXI1NFlSDO12AwZ5seog: UNC Department of Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=unhlaw: UNH Franklin Pierce School of Law
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiq_Kg0zEPrjMFK_s-KP5_g: United States Court of Appeals for the 1st Circuit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkhT0OvwPHFaX-d0ZEFup0g: United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=UChicagoLawSchool: University of Chicago Law School
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=videouel: University of East London
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=NottmUniversity: University of Nottingham
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=oxford: University of Oxford
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=UnivPennsylvania: University of Pennsylvania
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=CogswellCollege: University of Silicon Valley
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=universitytoronto: University of Toronto
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2HmgeO1Q5_kos5vbb-uULQ: US Composting Council
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=USAOsdca: USAO Southern District of California
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=USC: USC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=UtahCorrections: Utah Department of Corrections
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=UTSWMed: UT Southwestern Medical Center
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2vv6WYnXNA_0fx9l2_rnzA: UVA School of Architecture
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChlJsnz4Rv0A8-7kL_jYXfQ: UW-Madison Dance Department
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaRb_LrDHsupQkJGygX7pXg: UWRF Music Department - Virtual Concert Series
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBV4Cd8BrQeVPSS-_zsIL7w: Van der Graaf Generator
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=VanderbiltUniversity: Vanderbilt University
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=1veritasium: Veritasium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_KzbTrex389aj0kVgIdZ3w: Vermont Department of Labor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=VermontPublicTV: Vermont Public
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMiyV_Ib77XLpzHPQH_q0qQ: Veronica Explains
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrbxl9wHScrWKWIEoUWNIfQ: Virginia Department of Education
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=Vsauce2: Vsauce2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCo0fgiMWvVLEli-CF-1gKqw: Washington University School of Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=washingtonweekGI: Washington Week PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfGqG11uB0JKgDxnF-GWQZg: Ways and Means Committee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=WgtnCC: Wellington City Council
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=WVcommerce: West Virginia Department of Commerce
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_EPLgDRKwRjkDUeCzBKMdw: Error fetching URL: 404 Client Error: Not Found for url: https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_EPLgDRKwRjkDUeCzBKMdw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=wildernesscommittee: Wilderness Committee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=wimhof1: Wim Hof
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1jhiJVThAhS6muw8E6ALww: Winnebago Court Commissioner Room 150
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChfAsJbg26wdJ5WUSJwitQQ: WIU School of Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=WKUETV: WKU PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9WELkGzR58piCLwhoB5snw: WNC Applications of AI
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7UVImEANo4viHXo-equUhw: Wooster City School District
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=WordFriends: WordWorld
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=WordWorldPBS: WordWorldPBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=WorldEconomicForum: World Economic Forum
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=WQLNPublicMedia: WQLN PBS NPR
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=rhodeislandpbs: Rhode Island PBS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu_6nOA9sC0GTbaSWi3nBSw: Wyckoff SMI / LearnCrypto
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=YaleSchOfManagement: Yale School of Management
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=YaleUniversity: Yale University
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=NRNUMEPhI: НИЯУ МИФИ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=ustchannel: جامعة العلوم والتكنولوجيا اليمنية
